---
layout: post
title: Garvan Institute Day 2
---

For my second day at Garvan, I had the chance to really dig into the project here. Like many other code bases where multiple people have contributed to it, it was a challenge getting oriented in it. I was a little worried about figuring it out, and delivering a good result. However, I trust that I must simply take some time to understand the unfamiliar code.

I just tried several different methods, and looked at how the code responded. My collegues were very helpful when I ran into problems. I was able to ask for help and get them resolved quickly, or just being directed to the right direction for my investigation.

### Post Requirements
Minimum of 5 posts critically reflecting on your own performance and professional/personal development through the placement (e.g. highlights, challenging times, surprising insights, interesting developments, etc.)

Minimum of 5 posts on experience you have gained through your placement using the STAR framework covering the topics outlined in the work placement preparation module (e.g. leadership, teamwork, initiative, problem solving, negotiating conflict, communication, etc.).

### Star Framework

Showcase significant achievements during your work placement using the STAR method.

This story telling technique is great for addressing selection criteria when applying for a job, answering interview question,  and presenting your experience to your co-workers. Rather than just stating you have experience in “X” or are good at “Y”, tell a substantive STAR story to illustrate your point.

Situation Describe the situation, e.g. “In my previous role as a retail assistant at the local bakery I was told by my manager that we were going to need to bring on some new staff for the holiday period...

Task  Describe the relevant task which showcases the quality you want convey, such as initiative, e.g. “...I saw an opportunity to step up and help with the training of the new staff which would also add to my work experience, so I volunteered for the job...”

Action Describe the action that you took , e.g.“...I noticed that there were less customers in the store during the week day afternoons, so I made a suggestion to my manager that this would be the ideal time for me to train the new holiday staff. I spent three afternoons inducting three new staff members who went on to join the team for the following three weeks of the holiday period...”

Result  Describe the result of you action, e.g. “...I received great feedback from the new staff members indicating I had made them feel welcome  and confident working in the store. My manager was really impressed that I stepped up to the task and subsequently helped me secure the assistant manager role.”

### Activity Log


| Date        | Hours | Activity  |
| :--------- :|:----:| ---------------- |
| 1/06/2021  | 7 | Recieved my access badge, and started to look into the code for the project. |
| 2/06/2021  | 7 | Tried to figure out the API calls. Played around with the D3 library, drawing simple shapes. Called backend information including getting sequence lengths from the database in order to draw arrows. |
| 04/06/2021 | 6 | Running into some async issues in JavaScript. Need to have a look at promises. Managed to render the arrow shapes, and have them render one after another as required. |
